>> Maximiliano Firtman: Rest and spread
operator, it's the same operator but
used in different places.
It's when you use three dots.
Three dots, that's new in ES6.
So the rest operator is when you
use it in arguments, for example.
So for example, if I'm saying collect,
I can call collect and
I'm passing values, okay?
Here any kind of arguments,
any amount of arguments,
so collect will actually
rest will take them,
all of them and
we'll put them into an array, okay?
So Args is an array, but
also I can say a, b and args.
Here you will understand
why it's called the rest.
So here I'm saying I wanna
collect two arguments,
A and B, and the rest of the arguments,
I wanna collect them in an array.
So now args[0] will be
4 because 2 will go to A,
3 will go to B, and the rest will
be collected under Args array.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay, make sense?
It's just that.
So you can collect all the arguments or
only the after 1,
2, or 3 or
4 name arguments that you want and
have in mind this works
also in arrow functions.
I mentioned before that there is
an arguments array always available in
functions, but not in arrow functions.
But if you use the rest operator it
works on every function, arrow or
not arrow, okay?
And the same operator
with a different name,
it's called the spread operator
when you use it in arrays.
So now let me remove this for a while,
for a second, so we can see this.
So I'm creating an array here,
1, 2, 3, and
then I'm creating a new array that
says it will contain 4, 5, and
here is spread me everything
from this other array.
So that's why we have 4 and
5 and the rest is 1, 2, 3.
This is the final array.
So you are spreading the contents
of one array into another array.
Also, this is a quick
way to create a copy.
Not the best way but
a quick way to create a copy, you open
a new array and you spread the other one.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: This is creating
a new array spreading the contents of
the previous one